Recipe Walkthrough
Today I will be teaching you all how to make beer battered fish tacos. Also known as Baja fish tacos, these tacos are very popular in Mexico and southern California, specifically San Diego where I am from. This type of taco holds a very special place in my heart since I grew up eating them and still love them to this day. They are light, flavorful, and crunchy. They are truly a San Diego staple.


1.	Gather the ingredients:
	a.For the Baja sauce crema:
		i.½ cup sour cream
		ii.½ cup of mayo
		iii.½ teaspoon of chili powder
		iv.½ teaspoon of cumin
		v.½ teaspoon of oregano
		vi.¼ teaspoon of garlic powder
		vii.½ teaspoon of sea salt
		viii.a dash of black pepper
		ix.¼ cup of lime juice (or just a few really good squeezes)
		x.¼ cup cilantro
		xi.a small jalapeño diced
	b.For the beer battered fish
		i.A few pieces of fresh white fish, I recommend tilapia
		ii.1 cup of flour
		iii.1 teaspoon of salt
		iv.1 teaspoon of granulated sugar
		v.½ teaspoon of baking powder
		vi.1 cup of Mexican beer (like Modelo)
		vii.½ teaspoon of hot sauce
		viii.Frying oil, like vegetable oil or grapeseed oil
	c.Garnish and taco ingredients
		i.Mini corn tortillas
		ii.Green cabbage
		iii.Red onion
		iv.Several limes
		v.Monterey Jack cheese
2.Prepare the Baja sauce
	a.Mix all the ingredients into a small bowl.
	b.These measurements are all suggestions, season it to taste how you like it.
	c.Cover and put in the fridge to chill.
3.Prepare the beer batter.
	a.Mix all the ingredients in a medium size bowl.
	b.Stir until it’s the consistency of pancake batter, making sure there are no chunks of flour.
	c.Set aside while we prepare the fish.
4.Prepare the fish for frying
	a.Cut the fish into slices big enough to fit inside a mini corn tortilla, about 3-4 inches long. Rather too small than too big.
	b.Then, salt both sides of the fish.
	c.Drop the fish into the batter and roll around in the bowl until its fully coated.
5.Fry the fish
	a.I used a whole bottle of grapeseed oil (24 fluid oz) but you can also use vegetable oil.
	b.The oil should be about 1-2 inches deep in the pot, and you want to pick a pot that has taller sides, because the frying process can be messy, and you want to minimize splash.
	c.Drop the coated fish into the oil slowly with a fork, be careful because it may try and stick to the bottom of the pot, and you don’t want that to happen because when it unsticks, the batter will fall off.
	d.Flip the fish in the oil so both sides fry evenly, take them out after a few minutes or when they are golden brown.
	e.I used two forks to get the fish out of the oil, but you can use a wire netted spoon or tongs.
	f.Set a plate to the side with a paper towel on it before hand and rest the fish on this plate when they are done frying.
	g.When you are done frying, turn off the stove and let the oil cool. When it is cool, pour it into a jar or bottle and throw away, instead of pouring down the sink.
6.Prepare the garnish and assemble the tacos.
	a.Thinly slice the green cabbage and red onion and set aside.
	b.Take the Baja sauce out of the fridge. 
	c.Heat up a corn tortilla.
	d.Put on the tortilla a piece of fish, a sprinkle of Monterey jack cheese, green cabbage, red onion, a squeeze of lime, and a generous dollop of the crema.
	e.Enjoy!
Total cook time – 1 hour.
